# A replication package for an Interactive GDPR-Compliant Privacy Policy Generation for Online Learning Platforms manuscript.

It contains 3 folders which contain data and results generated from the key processes described in the paper.

## Folder: Privacy clause development
This folder contains the data and artifacts used and produced in Section 4.
* OLP privacy policies folder: contains 10 privacy policies of the selected online learning platforms (i.e., Moodle, Coursera, edX, FutureLearn, Udemy, Brilliant, MasterClass, Mindvalley, SkillShare and Udacity.
* Clause extracted from OLP policies: contains all the clauses extracted from the OLP privacy policies.
* Clause refinement all: lists all the original extracted clauses and refined clauses.
* Clause refinement sample: list a sample set of the original extracted clauses and refined clauses.
* Metadata types: contains the metadata types in the original study [1], additional metadata types identified in our study and metadata types found in privacy clause extraction.
* Placeholders: lists all the placeholders used to record responses from privacy policymakers.
* Privacy clauses: contains a library of privacy clauses. The clauses are categorised into three types: compliant, non-compliant and warning clauses. They will be used in the privacy policy generation later.

## Folder: Privacy policy generation
This folder contains the data and artifacts used and produced in Section 5.
* Answers for PPGen generated Moodle privacy policy: this file lists all the information used to generate a Moodle privacy policy using PPGen.
* Privacy policy template: is a template for privacy policy generation.
* PrivacyPolicies generated privacy policy: a privacy policy generated by PrivacyPolicies based on Moodle information.
* Termly generated privacy policy: a privacy policy generated by Termly based on Moodle information.
* TermsFeed generated privacy policy: a privacy policy generated by TermsFeed based on Moodle information.
* Rule engine: contains all the components in the Engine (i.e., question repository, response repository and rules to decide the question flow and associated privacy clauses).

## Folder: Evaluation
This folder contains the evaluation results on readability, completeness and converage described in Section 6.

## References
[1] Amaral, O., Abualhaija, S., Torre, D., Sabetzadeh, M., & Briand, L. (2021). AI-enabled Automation for Completeness Checking of Privacy Policies. IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering.
